nixos/nixos-containers: actually eliminate costs if no containers are used (#427001)
NixOS/nixpkgs: doc/release-notes/rl-2511.section.md

  and called `setup.py` from the source tree, which is deprecated.
  The modern alternative is to configure `pyproject = true` with `build-system = [ setuptools ]`.

> - `boot.enableContainers` is only turned on when a NixOS container is defined in `boot.containers`.

Author: seems like we can't link to those options as they not part of the release notes

> - The default value of `boot.enableContainers` has been changed to only enable it
>   when containers are defined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `boot.enableContainers` is only turned on when a NixOS container is defined in `boot.containers`.
  If you use the `nixos-container` tool for imperative container management, set `boot.enableContainers = true;` explicitly.
```
